okay so look at what we got this is
really exciting they've got something on
here been triggered by something but I
can't see anything good as the tape goes
on it seems as if the traps have
malfunctions oh dear
almost where's the last five minutes
there's nothing there they're all gutted
oh look at that that's fantastic right
at the end of the tape look Nate's a
huge black caiman look at the size of it
you got to see this guy's you can't see
it at over four meters long this giant
must weigh more than all of us put
together you wanna be ghosts for me in
there no they really wouldn't black
caiman out are the largest members of
the alligator family a really broad
flattened snout very very powerful
around here which allows it to use those
jaws with great strength wrenching its
prey around at the moment though it's
just slinking off back into the water
with our meat that is an absolute
triumph on this lake we've seen all
different sizes of black caiman from
their tiny little hatchlings right up to
the absolute monster and I think looking
at this black came has got to be on a
deadly 60